I have to say,
even though swinging through the air
as Spidey is awesome,
sometimes it's nice
to just walk to school.
Uh-oh.
Hey! I said I don't like you
walking on my side of the street.
Hey, leave my son alone!
Dad!
Little baby needs his daddy.
So long, baby!
Told you I can
take care of myself, Dad.
Miles, I know you can.
But you have a gift.
You're smart.
And that's what's going
to help you in life,
not your fists.
He's right, you know.
Pete? You saw that too?
Aw, man!
It's nothing
to be ashamed of, Miles.
I used to get bullied at Midtown
High all the time.
What'd you do?
Well, I found my own way
of feeling strong.
Decided that doing the right things
and making the right choices
was the way to stand tall.
That's real power.
That's not power!
Power is punching
those guys in the face.
You watch. I just haven't
had my growth spurt yet,
but, man, when I do,
people are gonna say...
Oh, no! I was thinking more
like, "Oh, yeah, baby!"
I mean, oh, no, there's some sort of
Slayer headed for Osborn Academy!
- And that's where Harry is!
- I'm coming too.
No. You're too s...
You... need to call the police.
Oh, I'll call the police,
But there's no way I'm missing
something this exciting.
Osborn, I've come for you.
Spencer Smythe.
It's about time
you returned my Slayer.
I had every right to keep it.
You didn't deliver
your end of the bargain.
Didn't give me a faculty
position at Oz Academy
after I framed your son for sabotage,
just as you asked.
Leave us.
Can't do that, sir.
Under orders.
That order came from me,
you dolt!
These things take time, Spencer.
You need to be patient.
In exactly one minute,
this Slayer will explode,
taking you and Osborn Academy...
Am I late for Slayer class?
Spider-Man, you fool!
That thing's a bomb,
and it's about to go off in
two minutes.
Two minutes? I can make my
own Slayer in two minutes,
let alone diffuse one.
Just need to get this hunk-a-junk
away from these people,
take it to the roof
for prime propulsion
conditions, and...
Wait a minute. Spider-Sense?
That wasn't two minutes! Aah!
Aah!
♪♪
*Marvel's SPIDER MAN*
Season 01 Episode 09
Title: " Ultimate Spider Man"
Gotta get inside to help Peter.
Sorry!
Watch where you're going!
Let me help. Give me that!
I'm so sorry, man.
I was distracted by the... Ow!
What was that?
Spider-Man!
Oh, no! Is that Spider-Man?
- Relax, Miles.
- He'll pull out of it.
He's gonna pull out of it.
He's gotta pull out of it!
Oh, no!
He's not gonna pull out of it!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
How did I just do that?
Oh, I think I'm gonna be sick.
My head!
What in...
There's no way I fell
all that way and survived.
But how? Hmm?
I got it.
And you were right.
The bum was the perfect distraction.
And no one saw you?
Just some kid, but he's not
someone we have to worry about.
Do not underestimate
anyone, Smythe.
Especially now that
you're working with
Raymond Warren.
Relax, Raymond. Our mutual
hatred of Norman Osborn
is more than enough
to take him down.
He'll soon learn he can't renege
on promises and get away with it.
And now that you're out of prison,
there'll be no stopping us.
Uh, how did you get out
of prison, exactly?
There's a spider missing!
I need the DNA
of all eight spiders,
and the Electrolis Arachnatis
is missing!
Where is it?
Aah! What in the world bit me?
I can't believe I took this job.
- Harry!
- Pete? What are you doing here?
I heard there was an attack
at Oz Academy.
- You okay?
- Nah, I'm fine, thanks.
I wasn't anywhere near the attack.
But guess what?
Turns out,
it was another Slayer.
You know, the kind that attacked
me at Midtown High that day.
No kidding. And who,
uh... Who stopped it?
Spider-Man was there,
if that's what you're asking.
But more importantly, now we know
who was controlling the Slayer...
Spencer Smythe.
My dad said he was
targeting me again.
Really? That's not the way
I saw it... heard it.
That's not the way I heard it
when you told me just now.
So, uh, no other
superheroes showed up,
maybe to, uh, help Spider-Man?
No. But I take offense to you
calling him a superhero.
That guy's a menace.
Well, I'm just happy
you're safe.
Breakfast tomorrow?
Phsh! As always.
Okay, Smythe. It's not your style
to just blow something up.
Especially a school
your son is attending.
So what's your game plan?
And why would Norman lie about
the Slayer coming after Harry?
Hey, Miles. What's up?
Pete, I gotta see you, man.
Like now!
Okay.
Miles, you okay?
- Miles!
- Up here!
What? Who?
I'll tell you who. It's me,
Friendly Neighborhood
Spider-Man!
Uh...
You're... Spider-Man?
Okay, I'm not
the original Spider-Man,
but I got bitten by...
something, and...
And look at this!
I can crawl along walls
like a spider.
And I have super
strength like a spider.
So I'm thinking
I was bitten by...
Hear me out on this... a spider.
- Also, I have this spider bite.
- Let me see it.
This is the greatest day of my life!
There are two Spider-Men.
I even whipped up this costume
so the world knows we're buddies.
Spider-Man and Spider... Kid,
or something.
Man, this is gonna be great!
Okay. Slow down.
We need to find out
exactly what happened to you.
I'll tell you what happened.
Instead of a growth spurt,
I got a power spurt.
And now the world is going to
have to listen to Miles Morales.
- I can't wait to show everyone!
- Miles, wait!
I know you're excited,
but secret identities exist for a reason.
Being a superhero is dangerous.
You can't just go around sharing your
private life with everyone
you know.
Hmm. You're right.
Check it out!
I'm Spider-Man!
- What?
- Unbelievable!
- What? I'm not telling everyone.
- Just Anya and Gwen.
- Is he for real?
- Yeah. Is this some sort of trick?
Nope. I think he
really has powers.
Not just any powers,
Spider-Man's powers!
Except the webs, of course.
They don't seem to have
grown in yet.
See?
Um, that was the chair.
I knew that.
Now sit down
so we can run a test.
A test? I don't need a test.
That's work. I want to play
and show off what I can do.
Miles, you're the second person
in this city to get spider powers.
That's not a coincidence.
It's what some one look into you.
Yeah. Maybe there's something
going around. G int
Oh! Maybe we can
all get spider powers.
- Oh, yeah. That would be cool!
- That would be awesome.
Guys! You talk about these
powers like they're a gift.
But they come with
a lot of responsibility.
I mean, they must, right?
I bet, at times, even
Spider-Man finds them a burden.
Well, if he does,
he's not doing it right.
'Cause all I feel is awesome!
Yeah. And who's to say
he is doing it right?
Maybe having a secret identity
isn't the way to go.
Look at the Avengers.
Oh, yeah!
Maybe I can be an Avenger!
You think they hold auditions?
Ooh, maybe they patrol the streets
looking for new recruits.
In which case, I gotta go.
If Captain America calls,
put in a good word for me!
He's not gonna...
What is it, Adrian?
Raymond Warren's confiscated
spider experiment is missing.
It must have happened
during the Slayer attack.
So the bomb was a distraction?
That's pretty clever.
Especially for Spencer Smythe.
Which makes me think
he's not working alone.
Smythe couldn't have known
about the spiders
without some insider knowledge.
But Raymond Warren is the only other person
who knows about it,
and he's in prison.
Then either Spencer is
working for Warren,
or I've underestimated him.
Either way, that experiment in the
wrong hands could be disastrous.
Why do you say that?
Raymond came to me
once with a plan
for creating a spider army.
Human soldiers who, when exposed
to these enhanced spiders,
would gain the abilities
of arachnids.
It was intriguing, I must admit.
But I found Raymond's behavior
to be erratic,
inconsistent,
so I confiscated them.
Then why didn't
you destroy them?
Because I couldn't be certain
they were his only spiders.
And if he does succeed
in this monstrous plan,
I'll need a live sample to
create an antidote.
Do I detect
a hint of fear, Norman?
Fear, Adrian, is for people
who are unprepared.
I'm more concerned with
who has the upper hand.
The Slayers.
You created them to battle
the spider army
in the event Raymond succeeded.
Merely a precaution.
Or, as of today, a prevention.
We need to get those spiders
back from Spencer Smythe
before he gets them to Warren.
And how do you propose
we do that?
Easy.
We use a Smythe
to catch a Smythe.
First day as a superhero!
First day
of nonstop awesomeness!
Someone help!
No prob. I happen to
know just the guy.
Here, kitty, kitty.
Here you go, little girl.
That isn't my cat.
I'm a member of Tree Huggers.
That cat was hurting that tree.
Safety first, young lady!
I was going that way.
Oops. My bad.
Sorry.
Sorry, not sorry!
Spider-Man. Spider-Man!
Why the change of costume?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'm not Spider-Man.
But I am available for photo shoots
and crime-fighting conventions.
Then who are you?
Just a hero trying to do
my neighborhood
on 14th Street proud.
You heard it here first, folks.
A new hero is cleaning up
this two-spider town.
A new hero? Hey, I like
the sound of that.
Looks like we found the recipient
of the missing spider DNA.
There's a good chance
that Norman is seeing this too.
Meaning he'll want this new
spider as much as we do.
Take the new Slayer
and get to him first.
Yeah, you tell your mama
I don't like bologna.
If I'm gonna steal your lunch,
I at least wanna enjoy it.
Hey, bad-hair
losers, leave him alone!
Oh, yeah, Spidey! New costume?
Oh, yeah! Spider-Man!
No, I'm the new Spider-Man,
and you're in my neighborhood.
Now, still think it's fun
to push people around?
W-We don't push people around.
Oh, no? What about that Miles Morales
kid you picked on this morning?
Who?
You know.
The really good-looking one.
Uh... Oh, oh, don't tell me you
don't think he's good-looking,
'cause I will
pop you right here.
In fact, I will...
Yeah, you better run off.
Spider-Man! What's up, buddy?
You bringing me a superhero
welcome basket or something?
You were a little tough on
those kids, don't you think?
No way, man. They're bullies.
They're always picking
on people.
Just be careful not to become
a bully yourself.
Revenge is not what
being a hero is about.
No way, man.
I wanna be like you.
You're my hero.
Oh. Well, in that case,
I'd like to share
something with you.
Someone very smart
once told me
that with
great power comes great...
- People skills?
- No.
Comes great...
Cell phone reception?
- Can I finish?
- Sure.
- Comes great responsibility.
- Response-a-what now?
I wasn't bitten
by a police officer.
I was bitten
by an awesome spider.
So I taught some bullies a lesson.
So what?
This is my neighborhood,
and I want to make sure
everyone feels safe.
That's another thing.
There's a reason
for secret identities.
You shouldn't be giving away
so much personal information.
Do you realize you just told
a live television audience
where you live?
That means...
you saw my interview!
How'd I look? Great, right?
Did you hear
they're calling me a new hero?
Yes.
And now anyone
who wants to challenge
you knows exactly
where to find you.
Please!
No one's coming after me.
New spider, I have come for you.
Huh? Looks like that spider bite
gave me great comic timing.
Get to safety while
I take this Slayer down.
No way. This is what
you call a team-up, baby!
You're not ready for this.
Come on.
We'll smash him.
There's two of us and only one of him.
Hey,
new spider,
I've come for you.
Yeah, uh, no.
What is this, the corner of
Slayer and Slayer?
Wait. I can come up
with a better quip than that.
Got any quips that can
stop two monstrous robots?
Your first
super battle can be scary.
But if we work together,
then we'll be able to...
- Scary?
- No way! This is awesome!
Time to impress
the neighborhood.
No! Stay close to me!
You're not prepared for... Aah!
Sorry, Slayers.
Spider season is over.
Aah! What's happening
in my head?
It's called your Spider-Sense.
And it means you need to move!
Step off! He's mine!
Alistair, is that you?
What are you doing?
Following orders, Dad!
This new Spider-Man is part of an
experiment that was stolen from Oscorp.
Whoa!
I've got my own sticky powers,
thank you very much.
They're both targeting you,
which means you need
to get out of here!
Yikes! I'm not running
from anybody.
Whoa!
Norman stole that experiment.
Just like you stole his Slayer?
This Slayer may have
started as his,
but it's been enhanced
by a true genius.
So has this one.
Take advantage of them arguing
and get out of here.
I'll take care of it.
If you're staying, I'm staying.
I see the experiment isn't the
only thing Osborn has stolen.
He's delivering on all the
things you never could, Dad.
Target locked.
Then may the best Slayer win.
You asked for it.
That's my...
Let him go!
It appears there's no
getting to that new spider
with you in the way, Spider-Man.
Unfortunately, he's the only one
I need to bring in alive.
Spider-Man was right.
Never should've
told them where I live.
Aah! Whoa!
Leave him alone!
Aah!
What the... I can do that?
Whoa! He can do that?
Look out! It's up again!
If that Slayer's so determined
to suck something in,
let me give it what it wants.
Hey! That Slayer above you is falling!
Get out of the way!
I've got it! More of my
powers seem to be coming in.
Maybe that means
I'll have webs like you.
No! No!
My webs aren't organic.
I made them myself.
Now you tell me.
Eject! Eject!
Launch sequence activated.
Not a bad idea, son.
You're gonna be fine.
Whoa! Where do you
think you're going?
Huh?
Outta my way, worms, or I'll wipe
the street with you.
Hey! Nobody bullies
the people in my neighborhood!
Or city, for that matter.
He's very territorial.
- Yeah! In your face!
- Ugh!
All of this was because of me.
I told the bad guys
exactly where to find me,
and put the people
I care about in danger.
Hey, I've made
a lot of mistakes too.
In fact, I'm still making them.
I guess sometimes you need to walk
before you can wall-crawl, eh?
Eh? Is that a joke?
'Cause I don't get it.
Hey. Excuse me. Yes?
I just wanted to thank you for
keeping our neighborhood safe.
Oh, uh, anytime.
- I wish my son Miles could meet you.
- Why's that?
Well, I told him that power
is using your brain
instead of your brawn,
but I'm realizing now that the truth
is probably somewhere in the middle.
You might be right.
Raymond?
How did you wind up
back in jail?
What are you talking about?
I never left.
And how do you know my name?
I failed, Mr. Osborn.
Did your father
capture the new spider?
No, sir.
Then the battle isn't over.
In fact, I have a feeling
the war is just beginning.
I can't believe
you have electro-blasts.
Do you know how helpful
those would be to me?
Yeah, but you've got webs.
- Correction. We've got webs.
- Really?
Oh, man! I can't wait
to shoot these things!
After you've practiced more.
- That's so lame...
- I-I-I-I mean, of course.
Hey, how come you use just these
two middle fingers to shoot?
Oh, that's easy. Because after
testing numerous scenarios
and experimenting with the psi,
I realized...
this way is just more awesome!
♪♪
Sync corrections  by  srjanapala
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org